You two beasts really poisoned the soup
Hahaha
You can only blame yourself for being so stupid
A fake has been the eldest lady for so many days
You should be content too
You obviously drank it too
Why is it okay?
Because there is no antidote.
Hahaha what?
No? That's such a pity.
Hahahaha
Lin Qianyu was already flustered
He should have been poisoned by us that night
I was his maid for over 20 years
It's time for my little wife
You really did something on your wedding night
murdered
What if you knew now?
He's just clearing it with this secret
I have endured for this day for 20 years
I have served him and me for 20 years
I've had enough of these days
Now you don't have to put up with it
you
Do my shit